[RM CH02] update ch02 with Edge use cases (#1810)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_model/chapters/chapter02.md

    The Telco Edge is a perfect fit for centralized vRAN deployment and vDU/vCU hosting that satisfy the latency requirements.

    This section illustrates some selected use cases that are aligned with the technology evolution and aligned with the 5G business services offerings as well.

- **Use Case #1 - Edge CDN with eMBB Core Network Slicing**

  - **Business Objectives**
  
      Monetizing 5G by provisioning eMBB network slice with distributed Content Delivery Network (CDN) as a service, that enables Ultra-HD (UHD) streaming, Video Optimization, caching for large files, and other capabilities that can either bundled by the Network Slice offering or implicitly enabled by the operator.

  - **Targeted Segments**
  
    - B2C (Targeting high Tier Packages & Bundles)
    - Content Owners (Potential revenue sharing model)
    - Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNOs - Wholesale)

>     - Stadiums and Venus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Stadiums and Venues.
```

:-)

      
        Note (1) - There are multiple flavours for Private 5G deployments or NPN, Non-Public Network as defined by 3GPP.
        
        Note (2) - The use case addresses the technical realization of NPN as a Network Slice of a PLMN as per Annex D – 3GPP TS 23.501 R16 and not covering the other scenarios of deployment.
        
        Note (3) - The use case assumes a network slice that is constructed from a single UPF deployed on Customer premises while sharing the 5G Control Plane (AMF, SMF, & other CP Network Functions) with the PLMN. 
        
        Note (4) - The use case doesn’t cover the requirements of the private Application Servers (ASs) as they may vary with each customer setup.
        
        Note (5) - Hosting the CU/DU on-Customer Infrastructure depends on the enterprise offering by the Mobile Operator and the selected Private 5G setup.
        
        Note (6) – The Edge Cloud Infrastructure can be governed by the client or handled by the Service Provider (Mobile Operator) as part of Managed-services model.

- **Use Case #3 - Edge Automotive (V2X) with uRLLC Core Network Slicing**

  - **Business Objectives**

>       The V2X (Viechle-to-everthing) set of use cases provides a 5G Monetization framework for Mobile Operators developing 5G URLLC business use cases targeting the Automotive Industry, Smart City Regulators, & Public Safety. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The V2X (Vehicle-to-everything) set of use cases provides a 5G monetization framework for Mobile Operators developing 5G URLLC business use cases targeting the Automotive Industry, Smart City Regulators, & Public Safety. 
```

maybe less capitalization in many places?
